docs: migrate Luna Studio docs into a new tab (#860)
rungalileo/docs-official: luna-studio/runs/new-run/step-3-training-set.mdx

---
title: "Step 3 — Training set"
description: "Generate a training set from your test set or add your own training logs."
---

Step 3 is where the magic happens. The training set is the dataset that fine-tunes your base model — typically much larger than the test set (~3,000 rows vs. a few hundred). You have two options for sourcing it.

> <Frame caption="Step 3 — pick a training data source: generate from your test set or add training logs">

Reviewer: update screenshot

  ![Generate drawer, review phase](/images/luna-studio/runs/new-run-generate-review.png)
</Frame>

The right side becomes a full-width sample table. You're reviewing ~200 sample rows before kicking off the full generation.

The review panel includes:

- An info banner titled **Review sample data** explaining the row-feedback flow.
- A **Regenerate** outline button (enabled once any row is selected).
- A dataset preview table with a checkbox column. The selection counter announces "X of Y rows selected".

#### Regenerate samples

If many of the samples look wrong, click **Regenerate**. The **Regenerate dataset** modal opens with a radio group of reasons:

| Reason                     | When to pick it                                                       |
| -------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Samples are too repetitive | The generated rows look almost identical to each other.               |
| Labels look incorrect      | The labels don't match what the inputs deserve.                       |
| Inputs are off-topic       | The inputs don't reflect the kind of data your application sees.      |

> | Provide own feedback       | Free-form textarea reveals — describe what's wrong in your own words. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Provide own feedback       | Free-form text area reveals — describe what's wrong in your own words. |
```
